Visa recently
What's the benefit?
You didn't deliberately let me go before, did you?
Oh your majesty
How can I say that I am also a reader?
Humph
The most upright person in the world is a scholar
The most treacherous thing about this is precisely you readers
Humph
It seems that His Majesty is having trouble recently.
Recently, some people at the waterfall are not very honest.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything against them
witness
What do you think I should do?
Yo, what's wrong with your majesty?
Haha, you old thing!
Still as smooth as ever
Well, I won't make it difficult for you.
Thank you Your Majesty haha
Your Majesty, what's the matter?
There are students outside asking to see and witness
See me
Three leaders came outside
Said his name was Qin Feng
He is Qin Yuantu's nephew
Qin Feng
This name seems familiar
Your Majesty forgot the arson case of the Zhang family a few days ago
It was him
I remember giving him a decree on a whim that day
Let him assist Qin Yuantu in solving the case
I remember that he doesn't seem to be Guo Zijian's learner
Well, it really isn't.
Then I'm surprised
What is the purpose of his coming?
Someone change my clothes
I want to see
The young man who solved the Zhang family's case
What kind of person